[DOC-2105] fix(gsql): add warnings for blocked to_vertex and to_vertex_set usage in ACCUM and POST-ACCUM; (#155)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/querying/pages/func/vertex-methods.adoc

* If the user can always know the id before running the query, define the query with `VERTEX` or `SET<VERTEX>` parameters instead of `STRING` or `SET<STRING>` parameters, and avoid calling `to_vertex()` or `to_vertex_set()`.
* Calling `to_vertex_set()` one time is much faster than calling `to_vertex()` multiple times. Use `to_vertex_set()` instead of `to_vertex()` as much as possible.

> Since 4.1.0, we cannot use `to_vertex()` in ACCUM or POST-ACCUM clauses any more. An error message will be prompted when we try to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v4.1.0, `to_vertex()` may not be used in ACCUM or POST-ACCUM clauses.
```

* If the user can always know the id before running the query, define the query with `VERTEX` or `SET<VERTEX>` parameters instead of `STRING` or `SET<STRING>` parameters, and avoid calling `to_vertex()` or `to_vertex_set()`.
* Calling `to_vertex_set()` one time is much faster than calling `to_vertex()` multiple times. Use `to_vertex_set()` instead of `to_vertex()` as much as possible.

> Since 4.1.0, we cannot use `to_vertex()` in ACCUM or POST-ACCUM clauses any more. An error message will be prompted when we try to do so.

Reviewer 2: @jue-yuan - Please include an example of an error message if possible.

=== `to_vertex_set()`

[WARNING]
==== 

> Since 4.1.0, we cannot use `to_vertex_set()` in ACCUM or POST-ACCUM clauses any more. An error message will be prompted when we try to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v4.1.0, `to_vertex_set()` may not be used in ACCUM or POST-ACCUM clauses.
```
There is no "we" in the GSQL reference manual.
